Update embedded_workflows.md (#1759)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: managing_providers/_topics/embedded_workflows.md

   The workflow code must be in the Amazon States Language (ASL) format and follow its supported specifications. For more information about Amazon States Language and its specification, see [Amazon States Language Guide](https://states-language.net/).

2. Build the docker containers that are required for the workflow.

   a) Bundle your task resource code, and add it to a docker image
   You can bundle the code by creating a standard [Dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) and building the image (https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/). Then, you can push the image to a [registry](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/push/), which makes the image available to be used by {{ site.data.product.title_short }}. When you have pushed your images to an image registry, you can add the registry to {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.

>    On appliances, `podman` is used to execute the container, so use [podman login](https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-login.1.html) as the `manageiq` user.

Reviewer: If we're going with a, b then this should be a

1. Define the code for the workflow. If your workflow requires the use of any credentials or parameters to be specified, ensure that they are passed in the code.

   Within the workflow code, you need to specify the states that your workflow requires, including any next steps. For `Task` type steps in the workflow, a docker container is called. The container defines what   happens for that Task state. For example, a docker container can run to clone a template. If your states require parameters or credentials, you can specify them in your state definitions.

   The workflow code must be in the Amazon States Language (ASL) format and follow its supported specifications. For more information about Amazon States Language and its specification, see [Amazon States Language Guide](https://states-language.net/).

2. Build the docker containers that are required for the workflow.

>    When you have the code for your task resource written, you need to bundle it into a docker image. You can bundle the code by creating a standard  [Dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) and building the image (https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/). Then, you can push the image to a [registry](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/push/), which makes the image available to be used by {{ site.data.product.title_short }}. When you have pushed your images to an image registry, you can add the registry to {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.

Reviewer: `standard  [` same question here with the extra space

   When you have the code for your task resource written, you need to bundle it into a docker image. You can bundle the code by creating a standard [Dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) and building the image (https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/). Then, you can push the image to a [registry](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/push/), which makes the image available to be used by {{ site.data.product.title_short }}. When you have pushed your images to an image registry, you can add the registry to {{ site.data.product.title_short }}.

>   a) On appliances, `podman` is used to execute the container

Reviewer 2: Please be aware that a) / b) are not valid Markdown, so this will not render as expected (notice the misalignment)

![manageiq-documentation_managing_providers__topics_embedded_workflows_md_at_4e7c20c3b2d442ef227b4fe4e341cd069845e6e8_·_aileenjackson_manageiq-documentation](https://github.com/ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation/assets/52120/e7912ad0-4e77-43f2-9b7a-438f170ec9d7)

>      On appliances, `podman` is used to execute the container so use [podman login](https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-login.1.html) as the `manageiq` user.

Reviewer 2: Double text?

Author: No. The heading ran into the next line. It's the first time I've written for the ManageIQ docs and am not yet fully familiar with the standards ye use, as they differ from those we use for our IBM docs. Apologies!

>      On appliances, `podman` is used to execute the container so use [podman login](https://docs.podman.io/en/stable/markdown/podman-login.1.html) as the `manageiq` user.

Reviewer 2: If this `manageiq` user needs to be productized, then we should be using the `{{}}` tokens like we do with product title - if you need help with that let me know.

Reviewer: It isn't productized, the user is called manageiq on the appliance

   You are recommended to use a docker.io [access token](https://docs.docker.com/security/for-developers/access-tokens/) so that the token does not expire.

> 

Reviewer: I think we need something to indicate that we are talking about podified/kubernetes here.  This looks like a continuation of the appliance section.

Author: @agrare I've added a new heading to each section of 2. to distingush them and clarify what exactly is being dealt with in each section respectively. Thanks!

>    To use a secret to pull an image from a private registry, and then add it to the relevant service account, see [Pull an Image from a Private Registry](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/) followed by [Add Image Pull Secrets to a service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account/). The service account in question is 'manageiq-default'.

Reviewer: This sounds a little backwards, how about something like
```suggestion
   In order to pull an image from a private registry you have to provide an `ImagePullSecret` to your containers, see [Pull an Image from a Private Registry](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).  {{ site.data.product.title_short }} uses a service account called `manageiq-default` to run containers for your workflows.  You can add an `ImagePullSecret` to this service account by following [Add Image Pull Secrets to a service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account/).
```

   You are recommended to use a docker.io [access token](https://docs.docker.com/security/for-developers/access-tokens/) so that the token does not expire.

   b) Provide an image pull secret to a podified Kubernetes container, and then add it to a service account

>      In order to pull an image from a private registry you have to provide an `ImagePullSecret` to your containers, see [Pull an Image from a Private Registry](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).  {{ site.data.product.title_short }} uses a service account called `manageiq-default` to run containers for your workflows.  You can add an `ImagePullSecret` to this service account by following [Add Image Pull Secrets to a service account](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account/#add-imagepullsecrets-to-a-service-account/).

Reviewer 2: Same comment here for the `manageiq-default` - if you need it productized, it should use a `{{}}` token here.

Reviewer: Also isn't productized as far as I know cc @bdunne

Reviewer 2: Oh I misread the OP then

Reviewer 2: It turns out _this_ one is productized but not the podman one.

Reviewer 3: manageiq-default is productized

Author: We're working on the conref/equivalent format used for ManageIQ for this. Will update once done!
